Skip to main content
English
Sign In
Search for Jobs
Introduce Yourself
Software Engineer Intern page is loaded
Software Engineer Intern
Apply
locations
External Office Location, Denver, CO 80237 (Contractor Location)
time type
Full time
posted on
Posted 2 Days Ago
time left to apply
End Date: January 16, 2026 (16 days left to apply)
job requisition id
JR0128790

Technology Intern – Denver, CO – Multiple roles!

Are you interested in getting your start in Technology? Do you want to work in a global company with enterprise level technology? Are you interested in joining a globally diverse organization where our unique contributions are recognized and celebrated, allowing each of us to thrive? Then it's time to join Western Union as an Intern!

Applicants must be currently authorized to work in the United States on a full-time basis. Western Union will not sponsor applicants for work visas for these positions.

Western Union powers your pursuit.

In these roles, you will work with outstanding engineering teams and support/develop on global applications with new technologies and standards.

Role Requirements

Must be at least 18 years of age or older.
Must be enrolled in a college degree program and have earned 60 credit hours by the end of May 2026.
Pursuing a Bachelor's or master's degree in computer science, Information Systems, Software Engineering, or a closely related field.
Understanding of computer science fundamentals, data structures, algorithms, OOPs, and OOA/D
Experience in modern programming languages (for example, Java/Angular/Python) and design patterns.
Ability to work independently and as part of a team.
Must be available to participate in the 12-week program from June 1 to August 21 at Western Union Headquarters in Denver, CO.  Please note that travel and housing allowances are not provided.

We make financial services accessible to humans everywhere. Join us for what's next.

We are passionate about honoring our employee's identity and fostering a feeling of belonging. Our commitment is to provide an inclusive culture that celebrates the unique backgrounds and perspectives of our global teams while reflecting the communities we serve. We do not discriminate based on race, color, national origin, religion, political affiliation, sex (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, gender identity, age, disability, marital status, or veteran status. The company will provide accommodation to applicants, including those with disabilities, during the recruitment process, following applicable laws.

Hourly

The hourly rate is $25.00 or $35.00 USD per hour. Actual rates will vary based on candidates' qualifications, skills, and competencies, including credits/years of university education completed.

Our Hybrid Work Model categorizes each role into one of three categories. Western Union has determined the category of this role to be Hybrid. This is defined as a flexible working arrangement that enables employees to divide their time between working from home and working from an office location. The expectation is to work from the office a minimum of three days a week.

For residents of Colorado, California, Connecticut, Delaware, Minnesota, and Pennsylvania: Please do not respond to any questions on this initial application that may seek age-identifying information such as age, date of birth, or dates of school attendance or graduation. You may also redact this information from any materials you submit during the application process. You will not be penalized for redacting or removing this information."

#LI-HD1

#LI-Hybrid

Estimated Job Posting End Date:

01-16-2026

This application window is a good-faith estimate of the time that this posting will remain open. This posting will be promptly updated if the deadline is extended or the role is filled.

Loading
Follow Us
© 2025 Workday, Inc. All rights reserved.
